The Joe Rogan experience.
One time I was getting on a plan. e and, uh,
a few wilds down for me.
I saw George Carlin and well, he, yeah,
he was so few miles ahead of me and I, I, you know, I never met him before,
so I didn't want to bother him. And I sat down and then he,
he gets up from his chair and he starts,
he looks at me and is walking toward me. And I got so excited.
I still like George Carlin.
He wants to talk to me and he comes over to me and he says,
uh, I got to work on some stuff. I'm writing.
I got to read something and then I'm going to take a nap so I can talk to
you. And he walked, he was like,
basically he went out of his way to tell me to go myself.
What was it? He just being courteous because otherwise he would have said,
I would talk to you. Yes.
Yeah. But at, when it was getting near the end of the flight,
when they announced that we are going to be a descending soon,
uh,
he came over to me again and he scribbled his
phone number down on a piece of paper. And he said to me, uh,
next time you're appearing on TV.
I want you to call me and tell me,
because I want to see what's going on in that brain of yours.
And that was like, holy.
Yeah. I only got, I saw him perform live a few times.
I saw him perform live in New Hampshire when I was like 21 in like
1988. Um,
I saw him there and I saw him at the comedy store later and I ran into him once
the comic store. And he was so unassuming. Yes.
She just walked by and said hi to everybody. Hello? Hello. Like,
it's like real friendly,
easy just was there to do his work and super nice guy.
And the funny thing is I had, you know, George Carlin's number, which,
and I thought that was like a tremendous thrill, George,
Carlin's a fan. I thought this was unbelievable.
I also met Jonathan Winters and he gave me his
phone number and I didn't call either one of them,
uh, because I I've had those, you know what?
It's like a couple of celebrities who've given me the numbers. It's like,
you know, we meet them. They're my best friend, the whole world.
We hit it off like a lifelong pals. And then you call them and you go,
hi, it's Gilbert. Oh, hello.
It.
Wore off. Yes. It's kind of, to me, it's like,
when you meet a girl and you get her phone number
and she's like, oh, here's my number. Don't lose this. Don't lose this.
And here's here's, if I'm not at this number, here's my other number,
please call me, call me, call me all excited.
And then you call them up and you go, hi, you know, uh,
remember we met at, uh, Joe's party and it's like,
oh yeah.
Yeah.
I think some celebrities just get exhausted by people wanting things from them.
You.
Know, I'm sure, absolutely.
You're constantly someone thinks that they can get further up the show business
ladder just by being friends with you being around you. That's why,
when they act normal, it's uh, it's so refreshing. Well.
It's like when people come up to me and say, uh,
could you give me some advice or some pointers?
I always feel like underneath it is like,
can you like press that button? That makes me a star.
Help me? Yeah. Give me a lift up. Yeah. But which doesn't exist.
Yeah. No one can do that.
It's like, I think they they'll look at you if,
when you're known and they'll think, oh, you know,
somebody sprinkled some dust on you,
magic dust and you immediately became.
Known and you'll be able to tell me how I can do this.
Yes, yes. Where I can get this dust rum and I'll sprinkle on myself.
Yeah. Well, I think people are just looking for shortcuts all the time. Right?
Yeah. And I think that's also one of the reasons why celebrities are a little
standoffish with even when they meet other celebrities, you know,
I think they just get,
but then sometimes they feel like those are the only people that they know that
they can talk to.
Like, I feel like, uh,
who can the cast of friends, so.
Right, right. They're all oddly famous. Yeah.
In a weird way.
One of the weirdest celebrity encounters I ever had was Robin Williams.
He came to one of my shows by himself. Yeah.
And I didn't know it was him until a few minutes in talking to him.
He had a big, crazy beard and a baseball hat on, and I'm talking to,
I was doing like this little meet and greet after the show.
And I'm just talking to this guy and he's like, I really liked that pit.
I love this. I loved how you did this and that.
And then I'm in the middle of talking to my like, holy, this is Robin Williams.
Oh yeah. I didn't realize it until like a couple minutes into talking to him.
I just was talking to him like he was just a regular guy and he acted like a
regular guy.
Yeah. I, there were a couple of times I,
at those clubs, he would pop into those clubs all the time.
And there were a few times he called me up on stage with him to riff with him,
which was great. And, uh,
what I remember most about him, I was at the of,
and I wasn't known at the time. I mean,
I was known to the comics and everything like that.
And, uh, and, uh,
I guess he had seen me a few times there and, uh,
so I'm getting ready. They're just about to introduce me.
And then the door opens up and, uh, Robin comes in.
So of course they go, uh, oh Robin, uh,
you're you're on a Gilbert, uh, go away and Robin you're on next.
And, and Robin said to them, he goes, oh, he goes, oh,
I have a few people in the audience to see me.
And I'd like them to see Gilbert first. Wow.
And that always stuck with me. Uh.
Um, watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.